# MonteCarlo
C# provides the System.Random class which generates random numbers. By generating many random values, you can estimate the result of complicated mathematical equations via a technique known as the Monte Carlo method. In this exercise, you will estimate the value of pi (LaTeX: \piππ) using a Monte-Carlo method.  Envision a unit circle (i.e., a circle with LaTeX: radius=1r a d i u s = 1r a d i u s = 1). Specifically, we will work with the top right quadrant where all valid points are between { x = 0, y = 0 } and { x = 1, y = 1 }. By randomly generating many x, y pairs and calculating the length of the hypotenuse of a triangle with sides of length x, y using the Pythagorean theorem, LaTeX: hypotenuse=\sqrt{x^2+y^2}h y p o t e n u s e = x 2 + y 2h y p o t e n u s e = x 2 + y 2, you can classify the pairs into those that overlap the unit circle (LaTeX: \left\{hypotenuse\mid hypotenuse\:\le1\right\}{ h y p o t e n u s e ∣ h y p o t e n u s e ≤ 1 }{ h y p o t e n u s e ∣ h y p o t e n u s e ≤ 1 }) and those that fall outside the unit circle (LaTeX: \left\{hypotenuse\mid hypotenuse\:>1\right\}{ h y p o t e n u s e ∣ h y p o t e n u s e > 1 }{ h y p o t e n u s e ∣ h y p o t e n u s e > 1 }). The ratio of pairs that overlap the unit circle divided by the total number of pairs generated is the area of the unit circle in the top right quadrant.  Procedure In a new project:  Create a function which, given an instance of a System.Random object as a parameter, returns a tuple of two uniformly distributed random floating point numbers between 0 and 1. Create a function which takes two doubles called x and y and returns a double corresponding to the hypotenuse of a triangle with sides of lengths x, y. Build a Main method which takes one int parameter (which we'll call "iterations") from the command line. Iterate iterations times. For each iteration, you should: generate a new x, y pair, take the hypotenuse of the pair, and increment a counter for each coordinate which overlaps the unit circle Divide the number of coordinate pairs overlapping the unit circle by the total number of iterations. Multiply the resulting value by 4. Print the value from step #5 along with the absolute value of the difference between your estimate of and the library-provided value of LaTeX: \piππ, Math.PI. Run your program, passing 10, 100, 1000, and 10000 as the command line parameter. Record the output of your program as comments in your source file.
